Updated README (#37)
open-rmf/rmf_battery: README.md

![](https://github.com/open-rmf/rmf_battery/workflows/style/badge.svg)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/open-rmf/rmf_battery/branch/main/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/open-rmf/rmf_battery)

The `rmf_battery` package provides the following APIs to model a robot's battery life.
* [rmf_battery::agv::BatterySystem](https://docs.ros.org/en/rolling/p/rmf_battery/generated/classrmf__battery_1_1agv_1_1BatterySystem.html) which bundles parameters related to the battery on-board a robot.
* [rmf_battery::agv::MechanicalSystem](https://docs.ros.org/en/rolling/p/rmf_battery/generated/classrmf__battery_1_1agv_1_1MechanicalSystem.html) which bundles physical parameters of a robot.

> * [rmf_battery::agv::PowerSystem](https://docs.ros.org/en/rolling/p/rmf_battery/generated/classrmf__battery_1_1agv_1_1PowerSystem.html) to model a component on-board a robot with a specified power rating.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [rmf_battery::agv::PowerSystem](https://docs.ros.org/en/rolling/p/rmf_battery/generated/classrmf__battery_1_1agv_1_1PowerSystem.html) to model a component onboard a robot with a specified power rating.
```
